PAGE 1

We are writing the year of 1925, 
somewhere in England.

It’s a cold, snowy evening in the winter and you got a call from one of the most famous museums for antic artifacts in the world.

PAGE 2

You leave the Taxi, driven by a silent old man. Two blocks away from the museum the streets are blocked, so you must walk the rest by foot. 
"What way do I have to go?" you ask the driver.
"That way" he points in a direction with his head. You close the door and leave.
The wind is chilly and harsh. You are alone on the dark street, but you can hear voices and see some lights flashing around the next corner.
You close your jacket and wrap your arms around your body to feel a little warmer.

Step by step you fight your way through the snow and against the wind. Cars parked by the street have a layer of white snow on top of them, it looks kind of beautiful.
"Why did I have to go through so much trouble to come here today?" you ask yourself "I could have just stayed in front of the warm oven".
Maybe because of the book that you so desperately wanted to finish for weeks?
But the mysterious call was too thrilling for you to not leave.

Page 3

The closer you get to the museum, the clearer your vision becomes. Photographers and journalists are gathered all around the big spot in front of the museum. 
The flash of the blue light on the police cars are on the walls of the surrounding buildings.
You stop walking for a second, look around and end up a little confused about all the people here at this time. 
During day time this place is full, but after years of walking your dog through the cold night and past the museum you have never seen so many people here.

You make your way through the photographers: "What happened here?" you ask a woman in the crowd. She is wearing glasses so big they almost cover her whole face.
"Noone knows" she answers in a tired voice "but something big. They haven’t given us any information yet".
You nod in her direction and keep walking.
Police men are blocking the entrance as you make your way further towards the big gate.
"Sir, where do you think you are going?" you turn around.
A fat police officer with a magnificent mustache is standing right behind you.
"Well I’m not so sure" you answer, "I got a call from the museum’s director and he wanted me to be here and help"
"Oh, is that so?" the police officer answers in a suspicious voice, "What is your name, sir?" 
"(insert player name)"
"Alright, let me show you the way" he offers.
You follow him through the snow towards the museum gate.

Page 4

The big door of the museum opens, and your eyes meet the light of the many candles that keep the hallway lit up.
It’s warm and you immediately feel better.
"Mr. Fournier, the man you called is here!" the police officer says, as he returns to his job of keeping the crowd away from the gate.

"Greetings (insert player name), it is so good that you are finally here!" he says while taking me down the stairs. "To make this long story short, I will give you the most important details. It is very important for us that you don’t ask too many questions, since this is an urgent situation and we need your help immediately!

A portal somehow opened in the basement last night, some creatures came through and stole old and valuable artifacts. I already sent one of my men through the portal, but we never heard any response. We need your help. Go through the Portal and find him".

Perplexed and without further questions you take the first step through the blue portal you can see in front of you.

Page 5

You end up in the spawning room. 
"Greetings (insert player name). I’m Mr. Helpington and this is where your adventure begins" he says.

"This is the safe area where you have the opportunity to rest after fights. I didn’t explore things much further because of all the dangerous creatures, but we didn’t call you without a reason. We think you’re the best suited for the job and we desperately need your help. 
This area might be safe, but you should be cautious when you continue. You can take the starting gear from the table over there and all I can say now is good luck, adventurer.’’


